any luck sir I don't know about luck but
about to are my hand opponent please
heal this all the night
careful Artie you're a terrible bluffer
on speaker sir are you making progress
commander we are but we have another
problem I don't understand
Pateras disappeared during transport why
didn't you contact us immediately no it
is not your fault I should have known he
would try something like this then this
was not intentional not on my part but
Aris he is the chief architect of the
Patels device and one of our greatest
scientists apparently he has overstepped
his authority what exactly is going on
sir the brutalist device is capable of
more than images and sounds a doorway is
open guitarists theorized that one could
step through that doorway we lack the
raw materials to make this possible so
he needed us commander I am most
sincerely sorry that we have created
this situation we will need to
investigate this and see if he left
behind any indication of his plan may I
how did he know about our transporter
the bro Telus device allows us to
observe any time in place we have
studied many civilizations including
those of Earth in preparation for your
arrival we have researched each of you
and your recent activities I assumed
that botero´s found out where and wind
your transporter was invented and simply
watched it from inception to
construction but he couldn't build one
no he is more than capable of designing
one but so non-prime does not have the
raw materials needed to make the
components because we do not interact
with other spacefaring races he would
have no way of obtaining them we also
lack compatible power source how is your
device powered from Sol on itself we
have used its gravity to induce a
nuclear fusion with the elements solar
night
that explains the radiation can you give
us more information on this fusion
process of course I will set up an
access portal to our data banks and let
you know when it is ready we must hurry
the doorway s Boca is not stable I will
contact you shortly
how is he doctor well he'll have to
avoid spicy food for a few weeks but
he'll live that is if we can get him
back to the ship before too long this
isn't a very sanitary environment and
he's still in danger infection
I'll see what I can do oh my god
what are they doing here
my apologies excellency colonel bloggers
I don't know where else to put them he
thought it wiser to keep them separate
from five fine
I suppose it was too much to ask for a
moment's peace you speak English
I do sir the King's English can't say I
like your tailor
he's alive for the time being my
confidence forgive me I must sit down
before I fall down by all means
now that who are you
I expected that a few Europeans might
take an interest in our little
insurrection I must say I'm at a loss as
to where you might be from furnace tan
more generally it's a smaller Kingdom
near Russia Russia I see and you are
captain Carter a Cartier may I present
corporal Prescott and my physician dr.
Holly may I say what an honor it is to
meet you I cannot think why General Howe
does not think our army worth pursuing I
must say I agree with him sir it is
common knowledge James besides I don't
plan to allow our European guests to go
traipsing about the countryside any time
soon
that is until I see a letter of
introduction from their king I'm afraid
we got separated from our group a few
days ago I don't even know where we are
we found them on the other bank of the
river excellency where we had skirmish
last week then welcome to Pennsylvania
captain I am sorry about the
misunderstanding with your men your
physician does good work
now that do excuse me I have what's left
of an army to attend to see that our
guests are fed sir
general may we speak again later
certainly this is the warmest room for
miles
well I would call that a person of
significance now we know where we are
corporal
you